 The first time I heard about crypto was after the Mt Gox hack.
 It's quite a while.
 But there was only Bitcoin.
 So I know about crypto a lot.
 I know that crypto exists before, but I wasn't really interested in this topic at the moment
 because lack of understanding.
 So the second time I heard about the project Ethereum was 2015-16.
 At that time I worked in a company called Buzzn.
 We were building decentralized energy sharing solutions.
 The idea was that the user can create or share their access energy to their neighbors or
 so to more far away solutions.
 So the user can share or sell their energy that they created.
 So for example you have a solar system on your roof and you produce more energy than you consume.
 You can sell the energy to your neighbor for example.
 Or it would also be possible to sell the energy in front of your house.
 You put in a wall box or a power outlet in front of your house and people can charge their
 house or whatever in front of your house.
 And a company called Slocket had a similar solution.
 So they built a decentralized energy charging system where you can pay in cryptocurrency.
 These cryptocurrency were called Ethereum.
 So we talked to them and so this was the first time I heard about Ethereum and I started investing
 in Ethereum.
 And from there I was more reading about decentralized finance and how to web3 and ever swing to
 decentralized.
 Decentralized.
 So this was quite interesting time.
 A lot of bull markets and then crashing and bull bust cycles.
 After some time I was reading smart contracts and how to deploy it to different networks.
 As you remain at or ring a B or girly these are all test nets.
 And I also started developing Solidity Code to get more familiar with all the full stack
 web3 development.
 I developed in the past couple of test projects or projects to get to know more about Ethereum.
 I know how to use travel and I know how to use hardhead.
 How to use Metamask and switching networks, chain id links, proving ERC20, spending on
 smart contracts.
 So I felt quite good understanding of how DEPS are working.
 Most of the DEPS are on the internet, are hyper-dabs.
 So I am not fully web3.
 They are using some kind of web2 legacy behind.
 For example, maybe the website is not hosted on a decentralized file system storage like
 IPFS or Swarm.
 So I also read about decentralized storage solutions.
 I am most interested in Ethereum Swarm.
 This is a file sharing solution that is basically on top of Ethereum that is running on the
 Ixthai or Ginoza's chain.
 So the most interesting part about that is you have an incentive strategy.
 In IPFS there is no incentive solution behind.
 But on Swarm there is, that means you can get paid when you store other people's file
 on your machine.
 This is very interesting because you want to be sure that your file is available in one
 month or one day or four years.
 So there are different incentive structures behind that.
 I also invested in Ethereum Swarm because I think this is a very interesting project in
 the new future.
 For example, NFTs are also often not, the images are not stored decentralized.
 They are mostly stored on a centralized place, often AWS S3 or other centralized storage systems.
 So when the company cannot pay anymore for the storage solution, a happen that the images
 are not accessible anymore.
 And so this is also a crucial part in decentralized Web3 that we need also not only the CPU, the
 EVM that is decentralized.
 This is already happening, but also the file solution that is also needs to be decentralized.
 So that when the company is going bust, that still the product is available in the future.
 And that the product lives as long as the user using the application, not as long as
 the company exists.
 In DeFi, I also know a little bit about DeFi.
 I know how to use a standard application like Uniswap and all the DEXs that they are out
 there.
 I also have some liquidity pools, for example, Ease and Make-A-Dow token or USDC and Die.
 Also, I have also a pool running.
 So I also use liquidity pools for making some interests.
 I also run validator nodes since Ethereum 2 is out or proof of stake is available.
 I moved most of my Ethereum tokens into staking validator nodes.
 So you need 32 Ease for a validator.
 And so you have to lock your Ease in a smart contract.
 And then you start your validator nodes.
 For example, with allnotes.com where you upload your keys or your public keys from your smart
 contract.
 And then you can have some interest or you create new serums because you are part of
 the proof of stake algorithm or proof of stake consensus algorithm.
 Thank you.
 .
